The Joe Rogan experience. Uh, that was a,
that was a rough one, man, but it's, it's interesting how, uh,
Francis has bounced back Francis just Newing everybody. Now it's just that.
Mental hump.
He had stuck on. Right. He had to go through that one fight. Mm-hmm you know.
The thing is sometimes we get these fighters coming into the see, and they've,
you know,
they're so talented that they they're in the UFC fairly early in their career
before they've had any real lessons,
especially if they've just starched a bunch of guys mm-hmm,
<affirmative> like they come in at, you know,
10 fights into their career and they've knocked everyone out in the first round.
There's no real learning process there because they've not found anyone to
challenge them.
So then they get into the USFC and then we get to see them go through that
process in the UFC. And I think that's what we've seen within Garu, you know,
it took him get into a world title for someone to really show him something in
his game that made him feel vulnerable. Mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah. And then,
you know, we've watched him go through that process. Like in, in the moment,
it's really annoying because we wanna see a mad fight, but in hindsight,
you can kind of look at it and go, well, I appreciate that as part of his,
any now. And you know, I understand where he was at.
You gotta give Steve a credit for taking bombs in that fight.
I mean, he took bombs in that fight, especially in that first round. I'm like.
Francis is always in it when he's standing in front of you,
when he's standing in front of you, he's always in it. But Steve,
a managed to do us slide away from most of 'em the ones he got hit with,
he went with them, rolled with them, the ones he got hit clean with,
he just absorbed and kept going and ground him out. So.
Here's a question for you then.
Do you think you take punches better if you expect the person to punch hard?
Probably because I would say that he took bigger punches from,
in Ghana out fight than the, than the punch from DC.
And I would say he was probably more vulnerable to the punch from DC because he
probably wasn't expecting DC to knock him out.
Could be, could be wouldn't expect to get caught like that in the clinch either.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it was a really perfect utilization of the clench work
combined with that crazy big overhand. Right? Yeah. I mean,
he really set him up perfectly for that.
And it was something that obviously was a part of his repertoire.
It was not something that was just, oh,
it was just happened to be there for the moment he set him up for that. Mm.
And that, that was just the perfect right hand.
And he caught him when he was looking. I mean,
he just didn't didn't know that punch was coming, clipped him, dropped him,
put him away. The real question is what's it gonna be like,
now that he knows that DC and knock him out. I mean,
is he gonna fight from the outside, try to land big shots.
He's gonna avoid the clinch at any cost. Now he's got a,
a big he and reach advantage. Can he keep DC off of him? Yeah. And then also
when a fighter has had a lot of wars like him with junior Del Santos,
the first fight, there was a war, right. I mean,
he's had some wars in his career, true fight. The in Ghana fight,
the strew fight was a war. He got stopped in that fight. Yeah.
You know how many the Mark Hunt fight, right? Mm. That was.
A war. Yeah. War. He, he dominated that one from top position as well.
And even Aster overing fight. I mean, that first round was chaos.
It was chaos until he wound up stopping him.
How many of those can a fighter have?
How many of those can a fighter have before we see them start to fade in front
of our eyes.
And I'm not suggesting that we saw that with him because he was able to
withstand the scary, his heavyweight striker in the sport.
And I think the DC punch was just a punch. He didn't see. And it was perfect.
Yeah. And it just put him away. Yeah.
I'd be surprised if it happens again first round.
I'd be surprised if it happens again, because I think he's,
he is gonna be far more respectful of the fact that DC's got power now, for.
Sure. You're.
A hundred percent. Right. And like,
you go back to his us debut and like he did fight long, like used,
used to use a real good long jab and a Loic. And like recently he's,
he's kind of crowded his work a lot.
He steps in very close with that right hand, which often, you know,
offered the cling to DC.
He's just KA in so many people that I think that he's like, it. You know,
I'm just gonna get in there and just bombs away with these people. I mean,
he makes it exciting.
It's I think he is the least appreciated successful
heavyweight champion ever. And I don't understand it. I don't understand it.
He's got everything. He's a, uh, you know, he's a firefighter,
an active duty firefighter. He's a knockout fighter.
He mean he knocked out ver doom,
moving backwards with a perfectly placed right hand end.
He's a animal. I mean, he fights super exciting.
He's been smashing everybody. He stopped,
he won more heavyweight title fights than anyone in
history. He defended the title four times. No, one's been able to do that.
That's how crazy that division is. Yeah.
And still does not get the respect he deserves.
And he seems off this week as well. Good. Like, like.
Active duty firefighter, man. Guy's an animal. Yeah.
He just, he seems annoyed. I just,
I wonder whether that's gonna play into the fight cuz I got the impression from
him that he'd not watched the, the previous fight.
I got the impression that he'd not watched the first DC fight really. Uh,
so that, see, that concerns me because then the idea of,
of what happened in his head might be very different to what actually happened.
Well, God, do you really think they would let him not watch? I Don that.
I don't know. I don't know. I mean, there are some fighters that do,
it just blows my mind and the way he was talking in an interview is like,
like it's, you know, and the other, the thing,
the thing that concerns me more is that he was talking about how he was winning
that, that first round, you know, he felt like he was controlling the fight.
He was, he did a lot of good things until DC caught him.
So if he starts banking on that being, you know,
just one of those punches that he got caught with, he might not, you know,
give DC the credit for, you know, opening that vulnerability up. Yeah. I.
Think, think for sure,
he must have heard all the different people discuss tactics though.
It just doesn't make any sense to me that he insulates himself that well.
And for sure his coaches over it strong style, they've definitely, oh.
They've watched it for sure.
They've watched it. Yeah. They understand what to,
so maybe he relies on his coaches and their guidance of him during training and
for sure he knows a DC knocked out.
So what he's gonna do is go in there and fight, like he's trying to get it back.
The, the question is,
is he gonna be able to use that long reach and that height and that power on the
outside and keep DC the away from him?
Cuz he's got a considerable height and reach advantage.
Can he stuff those takedowns can he keep DC from getting on top of him?
Can you know? Yeah. If he can do all those things, he can get very interesting.
Yeah. And if DC, you know, he's undefeated at heavyweight man. I mean,
I think that's really where he shines you look at what he did to Josh Barnett
throws him through the air,
like a rag doll when he was in the Strikeforce grand PR did he was a monster at
heavyweight, you know, and the wrestling's unparalleled.
Yeah. So do we get Jones at heavyweight then? I hope.
So. I do. I really do. I think he wants to do it at light heavyweight though.
I think he wants to prove a point what.
DC wants to do it at light heavyweight. Yes.
I didn't think he wants to lose that weight again. Does he? I.
Mean, what I had heard was that he wanted to fight at heavy weight.
If he fights John for a third time, that's what I had heard.
And I think I might have heard it from him. Huh. And he,
but I would EUR if I was in his camp, I'd say, all this dieting, bro,
what look you do, you know, when you have a belly, you people up,
you know? And he doesn't worry about food.
He doesn't worry about cutting weight.
He and he is fast for a heavyweight much like Andy Ruiz. You know,
I think there's a benefit in that. There's I mean,
obviously people there's people that knew that Andy Ruiz
was a really talented boxer coming in,
but there's other people that looked at his body and dismissed him.
But when you see the efficiency of those punches, like,
and the fact that he's able to cork so many punches in close mm-hmm
<affirmative> whereas Anthony Joshua with his giant arms and his long length
gets a little bit smothered by that closer distance, closer distance.
And Andy's just dropping bombs on him over the top and big power to him too,
man. And perfect, perfect mechanics, like so fluid.
Everything's just smooth and fluid who knows, man.
Maybe DC's the best heavyweight of all time.
Yeah. Well, I mean quite possibly.
And there's something to be said for that for Zika as well.
There's an efficiency that comes with that, you know,
like you look at Anthony Joshua and yeah. I mean, he,
he looks like a physical specimen,
but the drawbacks would be obvious over round. Whereas an, you know, Andy Ruiz,
DC, they can just, yes, they just keep flowing and it, and it's, you know,
those punches are more about the, the momentum, you know, mm-hmm <affirmative>,
you need a certain amount of muscle mass to get the movement started and then
you maintain it with good technique. You know,
like an additional amount of muscle is not gonna make up for a heavier punch
really.
Right.
And he's talked openly about being far stronger in training as
a heavyweight than he was as a light heavyweight. He just felt better. Yeah.
I think it's his weight class. I really do. I think his, you know, look,
he beat the greatest of all time. I mean the greatest on paper of all time,
at least at least on paper, I feel like performance wise,
there was moments where Kane Velazquez was in his prime where I said like,
that's the that to me, I mean,
I know it doesn't play out on paper because he was injured multiple times at a
gang of surgeries. But when he was in his prime man, he was terrifying.
He just didn't stop. He didn't St he had Welcher weight, Colby,
Covington style endurance as a heavyweight man. He didn't make any sense.
And he's slightly bigger than DC.
Everywhere is until like reaching high and every sense. Yeah. And you know,
and he could you up on the feet too. I mean, he could do everything.
He was so efficient and smooth and just relentless. Relentless.
Yeah. No one more relentless and came Velas in his prime for him.
It was almost like his body couldn't handle the strength of his brain.
Mm. Like his mental toughness was so incredible.
His body just couldn't keep up with it. His body just starts blowing things up.
<laugh> cause his minds just pressed forward, go, go, go. You know,
his in his cardio was just preposterous. Didn't even make sense. Yeah.
DC looks in good shape at the open workout yesterday. I,
I think he's expecting a harder fight this weekend.